doc: Add instructions to checkout an arbitrary revision (#1152)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_ins_windows.rst

        * West was introduced after |NCS| v0.3.0.
          Therefore, you cannot use it to check out v0.1.0 or v0.3.0.

>         * *NCS_version* can be a branch (eg. ``master``), a tag (eg. ``v1.0.0``), or even a SHA (eg. ``224bee9055d986fe2677149b8cbda0ff10650a6e``)

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense, because we're in the option for checking out a tag and already stated that NCS_version should be replaced with a tag, and the next option states how to check out master.
You could add a third option (in addition to checking out a release and checking out the latest state of development) explaining how to check out a branch or a SHA.

Author: I think that it is overkill to have 3 options there with almost identical instructions. Maybe I can try to rewrite this so that it covers all 3 with a single text base.

Reviewer: Maybe - but keep in mind that our main audience are users that work with a specific release. This is what we want people to do. Checking out master, a feature branch, or a SHA is only interesting for advanced users.

        west init -m https\://github.com/NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf

   * More generally, to check out an arbitrary revision, enter the following command:

     .. parsed-literal::
        :class: highlight

        west init -m https\://github.com/NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf --mr *NCS_revision*

     .. note::

>         *NCS_revision* can be a branch (eg. ``master``), a tag (eg. ``v1.0.0``), or even a SHA (eg. ``224bee9055d986fe2677149b8cbda0ff10650a6e``). When not specified at all it defaults to ``master``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *NCS_revision* can be a branch (for example, ``master``), a tag (for example, ``v1.0.0``), or even a SHA (for example,  ``224bee9055d986fe2677149b8cbda0ff10650a6e``). When not specified, it defaults to ``master``.

To manage the ``nrf`` repository (the manifest repository), use Git.
Checking out a branch or tag in the ``nrf`` repository gives you a different version of the manifest file.
Running ``west update`` will then update the project repositories to the state specified in this manifest file.

> In order to obtain the latest changes, and regardless of the particular revision you want to check out, you will always need to :ref:`fetch the latest code <dm-wf-update-ncs>` from the GitHub `fw-nrfconnect-nrf`_ repository using ``git fetch``.

Reviewer: This should be two lines up, because you always need to do it first.
"To make sure that you have the latest changes, run ``git fetch origin`` to :ref:...fetch the latest code... from the `fw-nrfconnect-nrf`_ repository.

For example, to switch to release v0.4.0 of the |NCS|, enter the following commands in the ``ncs/nrf`` directory::

   git fetch origin
   git checkout v0.4.0
   west update

> As another example, to update to a particular revision (SHA), you first need to make sure that you have that particular revision locally. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update to a particular revision (SHA), make sure that you have that particular revision locally before you check it out (by running ``git fetch origin``)::
```

However, you might want to switch to a newer release or check out the latest state of development.

To manage the ``nrf`` repository (the manifest repository), use Git.

> In order to obtain the latest changes, and regardless of the particular revision you want to check out, you will always need to :ref:`fetch the latest code <dm-wf-update-ncs>` from the GitHub `fw-nrfconnect-nrf`_ repository using ``git fetch``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure that you have the latest changes, run ``git fetch origin`` to :ref:`fetch the latest code <dm-wf-update-ncs>` from the `fw-nrfconnect-nrf`_ repository.
```
